kfunc: Check whether the BPF program type is supported (#4857)
iovisor/bpftrace: CHANGELOG.md

- Add support for more vmlinux BTF types as identifiers
  - [#4853](https://github.com/bpftrace/bpftrace/pull/4853)
#### Changed

> - Check if kfunc is supported in BPF programs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add helpers to check if a kfunc exists and is supported for particular probe types
```
